jared polin froknowsphoto.com are you a
beginner photographer have you just
picked up your first digital SLR or have
you had one for a while but you're not
happy with the results well I've created
my most comprehensive video to date it
is a three hour long video guide that's
going to help you go above and beyond
Auto I wish I had a guide like this 18
years ago when I started as a
photographer it would have given me the
ability to save months if not years of
time trying to figure all of this out on
my own so please allow myself and this
guide to be your mentor what are we
gonna cover in this guide we're gonna
hit the fundamentals of photography the
type of information that you're gonna
take with you throughout your whole
career as a photographer we're gonna hit
things like what is the exposure
triangle what do I do if my picture is
over or underexposed how do I get tak
sharp images what focus mode should I
use what metering mode should I use and
what's a good composition we're gonna
hit that and much much more
so this guide is going to give you the
confidence to unlock the power of your
digital SLR it's the closest you can get
to being at one of my boot camps without
actually being there so I'm not just
gonna sit there and tell you how to do
things I'm actually gonna demonstrate it
you get to follow me on four photo
shoots you get to be there as my
assistant pretty much when I make
mistakes but then I figure out what I
did wrong and explain to you what I did
and show you how I made the corrections
so if you would like to pick up this
guide today you can download it below
it's a digital download that means you
can watch it over and over again and yet
if you decide to pick it up today I'm
gonna include a 20 minute long bonus
video that's going to give you the five
year plan how to make money as a
photographer and how to market yourself
so let's take a sneak peek inside this
video guide so you just heard me talk
about f-stop do you already talked about
how depth of field works and now the
best way to to show you how that really
really works is to do this right here
with this frog who I've become well
acquainted to but what does it actually
look like when you get a picture at 1.8
first a picture at 22 what's going on
here
well what's going on is that your depth
of field is changing a shallow depth of
field is what you see when you're
shooting at 1.8 it's very narrow so your
focus point or your area focus is very
small as the numbers go up all the way
here to 22 your focus is changing so
more things are gonna be in focus from
front to back so that's important to
keep in mind so what we're doing here is
I'm gonna photograph the Frog and I'm
gonna focus in on its eye at 1.8 and
then I'm gonna work my way all the way
up to 22 so that you can see what's
happening to the background then we're
gonna talk about it and figure out you
know the little subtleties that are
going on so right now I have the camera
set to aperture priority but aperture
priority means that I am setting my
aperture I'm picking where I want it and
the camera is then going to select the
shutter speed for a proper exposure
let's shoot at one point eight so I'm at
one point eight right now I'm focused in
on the frogs eye boom that's one point
eight let's take it to F two point eight
yeah she's a nice smile now I'm making
sure I almost did this here I'm going to
shoot it there I cut her finger off and
I saw it so that's why I didn't shoot it
initially but now I'm recomposing boom
I'm making sure that I have her finger
in there and I do so that is really
sharp you can see in the pictures that
the background is nice and blown out
when we talk about blowing out it's
compressed so that's the point of using
a piece of glass like this and I'm
probably gonna switch to the bigger
piece of glass to three hundred to eight
in a few minutes so that we can see how
we can really compress the background
step away from the tree and make a
parking lot look really awesome so we're
gonna come back to that in a couple
seconds well why don't you sit back on
it just face that way but just rest your
tuchus on on it so now we're ready to
photograph the swing here I'm locking in
on the tripod just so that I have a
something that's not moving so that each
image kind of stays similar right now
I'm set to shutter priority and that
means that I am setting the shutter
speed and the camera is going to do the
rest of the work to make sure that it's
exposed properly so I'm going to start
at one tenth of a
ii remember how slow that was you could
hear the sound of how slow that was when
we were testing and letting you hear the
different shutter speeds now let's see
what happens when we move the swing and
shoot it at a tenth of a second so i'm
going to try to capture the swing at the
very bottom boom and as we look at the
swing you can see that it's it's kind of
hard to see because it's actually
blurring its blurring because the
shutter is moving really slow and there
is some motion to the swing so we have
to think what do we need to do to freeze
that swing that is moving let's try
something a little faster like one
sixtieth of a second I hope you enjoyed
that sneak peek inside this video guide
and you can click down below to purchase
it and don't forget if you pick it up
now I will give you a 20 minute long
bonus video that is packed full of
amazing information so thank you guys
jared polin froknowsphoto.com
see ya